Research
Applied Research
Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences sees
applied research as intensive cooperation with partners from business and society
. The close practical relevance and the transfer of knowledge into teaching also offers students a high-quality education.
In the spotlight
The Bavarian State Ministry of Science and the Arts (StMWK) has awarded HNU the independent right to award doctorates for an initial period of seven years as part of a doctoral center successfully applied for jointly with OTH Amberg-Weiden and HaW Landshut.
Read more
HNU research profile
Four key research areas are grouped around the HNU research core "Digital Innovations for a Changing Society" in forward-looking fields. The focus is on addressing the challenges of tomorrow in companies and society.
Read more
Laboratories & infrastructure
Inspiring premises and state-of-the-art research infrastructure enrich the practice-oriented teaching and research at HNU. Scientists develop solutions for current challenges together with students and practice partners.
Read more
Research & transfer institutions
The HNU's research and transfer facilities enable external partners to tap into the know-how and specialist expertise of the HNU by offering services specifically geared to practice and various forms of cooperation.
Read more
Networks & Memberships
Projects
Publications
PhD
Good scientific practice
Team & Contact
Research nucleus
Digital innovations for the changing society
The research core "Digital innovations for the changing society" is followed by all those activities that are dedicated to technological and social innovations for social change.
Mehr lesen
Doctoral Center
As part of the joint doctoral program DIWAG (Digital Innovations for the Changing Society), the first doctorates can be carried out directly at HNU, probably starting in the summer semester 2024.
Current information can be found here
.
Main research areas
Digital innovations for the ageing society
The research focus "Digital Innovations for the Ageing Society" (DIAG) examines how the ageing society deals with digital innovations.
Mehr lesen
Digitalization of the healthcare system
The research focus "Digitalization of the healthcare system" focuses on digital technologies in healthcare.
Read more
Artificial Intelligence
The research focus "Artificial Intelligence" is dedicated to the topics of data & analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) in a variety of contexts.
Read more
Future-proof business models
The research focus "future-proof business models" develops strategies for a new sustainable and digital economy in the face of disruptive changes.
Read more
To top
Latest news
News from research
Science blog
To top